It is the day of fighting
August 25th
KSI vs. Logan
Deggie v. Jake
Fighting will be in a few hours
Logan Paul and Jake do a video explaining how you can watch it
By credit card payment
We'll write it off because ... you're hurt.
Jagel, he's written off on the card, better than his slip on the body.
Now, if you want to see fighting in this section, I have bad news for you
Just hear from Jake himself
If you think you'll be able to watch it for free later, you're wrong.
Because there are people who will delete all the content that anyone else will upload
So the only way to watch the fight is if you pay for watching.
Do not worry, I'll tell you the result at the end of this video.
I know everyone will die to know who wins.
It's not like it does not matter.
I will also give my expectations, about who I think he will win
And I want him to win.
But first. Let's re-watch the weight.
This was done yesterday.
If I think the press conferences were trivial (Cringy)
Somehow, they managed to make it much worse.
They looked at all the press conferences and said: "You know what? Is not trivial enough
We must raise the rate of insignificance much "
All right, are you ready?
I'm 'Tru Jordi' and welcome to the weight of Kai S and Logan Paul.
We will start.
For some reason 'Raka Raka' was there, I do not know how this happened or when.
Next to the theater, it's Raka Raka
Why?
My God.
The situation has become somewhat strange.
Yes, it's a little strange, we can cut this scene please
The security man loved this scene at least.
I'm glad he has a good time.
And now for some reason, it will call you 'Skiers'
Why have not I heard this before?
Coming to the theater, it's a scooter.
Welcome guys, it 's scooters.
So, Skiers here, why not talk "???" This will make it truly the best event in Internet history.
Just make sure you keep everything here. Things are about to fall off.
This is a family program. Okay?
It is on the balance.
Weighs...
79 kg
Skiers, you know you can forgive.
Breathe out, please, you may die, I am worried.
Then they stare oddly which have not been done correctly ...
Mostly never.
Raka wore his clothes.
Skiers was like "I do not know, do I wear my clothes or what?"
Then he decided to set it aside.
Well, that's enough, young boy.
This was the strangest stare I've ever seen in my life, I must say this.
Does anyone agree with me?
Yeah!
I do not know whether they will accept each other or join each other.
Or maybe both, you're right.
Man I can not wait for this fight, it will be very good.
You can see that they hate each other. Much drama is a lot of enthusiasm.
Get to the point, where Jake came, ten minutes later.
And, Jake looks like a dilemma, it looks really big, look at this.
I promise you that he will not say to fight anyone.
You know it will be a good fight after that.
Well, now I'm excited
This will be great. Pewdiepie? More like PEDOpie
No, just joking.
After Jake Paul took five minutes to take off his chains.
By five other people.
Will finally stand on the balance.
At any moment now.
"Now he's living / practicing and fighting from Hollywood, I think, who cares about this is not real combat, I'm just here for my salary."
Jake then makes a statement about the fighting. It will be a "knockout" from the first round.
I will only go for this knockout in the first round.
To someone who did it, to someone who did it the next night.
It will not be you.
It will not be you, is not it, Jake?
Well, next, Diggie.
My friend, he was training hard, this is the first thing about Digi, it was like ...
August 25th.
I work hard, does it matter that I lost my coach?
I work hard, I train hard.
And you know, Diggie seems a bit clumsy. But when he takes off his glasses.
We can see, to what extent he was barely trained. finally.
It will look severe, I'm sure.
It is Deggie, the tank.
Standing in the balance.
Oh no.
Diggie, oh, no.
What were you doing, Digi?
He was not exercising, he was drinking wine!
You know, I thought. Well, at least, even if you lose a fight.
At least at its end will be a dilemma anyway.
I know it's not about being a dilemma. I know it's about killing.
I'm just kidding. It's just a joke.
Then Digi says his statement. Diggie always has the best statements.
He always has the smartest things he can say.
That's why I like Diggy.
Do you work hard, Digi? this is the question.
What will he answer?
It was tempting to face a few now, but he refused.
Is this - because he is very afraid to come to me.
Does this mean any logic?
How is this logical .. like ... well.
So, we were supposed to face each other.
This does not mean any logic, I mean, we're supposed to fight each other and uniforms like that
Well, how it is - nothing, that's not logical.
where am I?
I do not understand this.
Yes, it is imaginary. Jake Paul is imaginary.
I will show it.
On the 25th of ...
It's tomorrow! Tomorrow.
* Public laughter *
V-Decimal ... It's tomorrow!
He has just realized that tomorrow.
My God.
I do not believe this.
Fighting tomorrow!
Great answer to the question, Digi. Thank you very much, as usual.
The line we all waited for. Logan Paul vs. Kai Si.
Logan the Single (Maverick) Paul.
Come on, hero. Let's go champ
Come on, Logan.
The volume becomes slightly louder when Logan climbs up on the stage.
Then KSI comes, finally.
Oh no. Oh no. he did not do!
This is the love of Paul Logan.
My God.
He is a real fool.
This whole thing is just a jerk.
My God. But the best thing for me in all this weight.
It is face-to-face confrontation.
Logan made a great joke.
It's like "Oh smell yourself foul, see what I have, gum"
Well, oh, it's very foul, here you are, the KSI.
And eat it!
I hope that piece was poisoned with cyanide.
No I do not. I was kidding.
Why eat it?
CAI dies mysteriously before the fighting.
Now we know why.
Why did he take it? This is very difficult, very strange.
I'm very confused, this thing is strange to me.
Now, for me, rest on fighting a few hours. You'll probably end up watching this video.
I wanted to say what I was thinking about before I saw him.
From ... - My expectations are sincere, since I do not know the result.
I really really really, I want to win Degi.
Just the fact that he ...
For Boxing Fight, the winner will be Comedyshortsgamer, all of them!
Because this is the name of his channel on YouTube
Comicchortzimmer won the win!
I hope Diggie wins only because he has no preference.
I think Jake can handle the loss better than DeGee.
Is this logical?
In any case! I think Jake will win.
We'll see later if you're right.
But if we come to Logan and CAI.
The same thing with KSI, I've always thought he was stupid.
But with some of the podcasts he did.
Without all the drama, without all the crazy screams at each other.
I realized that he was not stupid. He is a rational person.
And I respect him.
I hope to win based on the fact that ...
He wants to become an angel, right?
But if he loses to Logan, he can not really do that.
He is the only person who has something to lose here.
Logan has nothing to lose from the basics.
I think that the person who will come stronger during this thing for this reason.
I probably talked about Logan more than any other Utopia.
But I am also ordered to do a good job, I hope this is his way to move forward.
I mean, I've already apologized, what could he do more than this?
I do not think anyone is interested so far.
Who will win between KSI and Logan?
It's very good, because I do not know. I do not know.
I think Logan Paul will win. I think both brothers are going to win.
Then I think there will be a reaction game.
But that's just what I think.
Put your bet if you do not know the comments now.
I'll be back in a few hours, which will take a second.
We will see how it happened.
Oooooo Yifti. Here we are now.
This direct shot of fighting.
I got special permission to show it, do not worry guys.
This video will not get Strike because of it.
Now, if you watch the fighting, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry you passed this.
This was horrific. Okay?
I want to get my money. The whole chat says "money back"
everybody.
Initially, KSI against Logan ended in a draw. Of course.
The CAI was: "Oh, let's do this again!
It was fun! "No, it was not.
You guys, you've got millions, Mubarak to you.
but not. Just fool me once. Okay.
You fooled me twice. no thanks.
Jake won against Dege as I expected.
Unfortunately, this was a good fight, a good job for both of you.
Skiers lost in front of Raka Raka.
And yes, that's all.
How can I recover my money, this thing works?